it's 5:00 a.m. on a school morning and
yet here we are playing tf2 because
screw school didn't learn anything
anyway and in front of me I have my
coffee so I'm wide awake ready to get
contracts that was so close that would
have been the back cap of a lifetime of
course there's always a back burner pyro
just waiting around the corner remember
that I don't wear but I am getting get
today hey buddy
get my he's just gonna fall off okay
what a great player that guy wanted that
kill on that pie early he's the spy just
suicided just to get him
sorry I need my kill son either kills
for the contract you understand this is
how communication works in tf2 that's
how bonding is done what is that then
pass to me I've never seen them before
guys there's a new there's a new thing
and I don't understand it maybe that's a
future update now I'm hoping for a
basketball update where you get a pass
to me dad is intelligent go go go
can catch me
easy let's cap it let's cap it hmm give
me those points
yeah this is the fastest game of
whatever this map is called that I've
ever played snowplow what I don't know
I'll snowplow your mom good one okay
great contracts contracts are so easy
when you have a good team dead
killstreak man I'm so pro even give it
giving ooh
scouts already done give me give it give
it give it
oh my gosh you fucking prick it spawns
of course that is just my luck my 5:00
in the morning luck now okay since this
is all they had to do
I don't know what happened there she is
so clueless perception is not his strong
suit
he got backstabbed he's started getting
shot by his Scout had plenty of time to
react his like I don't know what's going
on behind me the world only exists in
front of him
so that whole time while I was
distracting everyone they didn't do
anything nothing was accomplished
literally nothing can we're on the good
team again didn't even have to switch so
let's pretend that round didn't happen
just every loss let's forget it let's go
win you guys easy ok let's get it let's
get it and go get it and go let's get it
and go
we can get all of these this round you
were just lagging
way to go
I am the festive Scout not you oh shit
already on it there are you got to get
there get it there
yeah he's nice and I got hit I got hit
who did it alright that's one contract
okay Scout contract let's turn it in see
what we got
great get a paying money I'm gonna pay
more money so many pockets
he tried to go up the ladder the conga
is still in style not gonna take shit
from a guy with a Manco hat just stick
up for myself I learned that from my mom
we did it I did it specifically when we
got a new one okay
it only took 30 minutes
oh I could still that on the market for
like five cents what do you guys think
is that worth five cents